Team DuckPie Plan for Success

Crucial Jobs:
1) Coding for The Oregon Trail in Java 
2) Coding for The Oregon Trail in Processing
3) Debugging code for both
4) Pushing and pulling from Github
5) Updating Devlog with meaningful work and attribution.

Components (Functionality vs Extras)
Well first off we need a family of characters because The Oregon Trail is a survival game and you must take your family to the end of the trail to survive.
We need to have some kind of health system for the characters because again the whole point of the game is survival so there must be a way for them to die. 
Survival tactics - Hunting, fishing, sleeping, eating, healing(medicine) and various other actions to ensure human survival.
A time system is required as well as a weather system because that adds more functionality into the game.

Extra-
A scoring system so at the end of the game you have something that you were working towards and it may drive two users to compete for a higher score. 

Ability to pick how many family members to start with, score will be adjusted accordingly.

Extra animals for more capabilities 

A bartering system like in Fallout?

Prereqs

Pre reqs for extra animals are the original animals.
A scoring system requires all the main functionality for there to actually be something to count for
Pre Reqs to make code before graphics.

Tasks

Collaborative
Creating the games main engine will require a collaborative effort with how it runs but all the other stuff can be subdivided among all of us.

An inventory system may be tough but Conan may know how to do it because his last final project was pretty advanced in the coding and contained all these systems.

Time and Weather will be quite a hassle as well


Subdivisions:
Creation of Characters
Creation of Health and effects to health
Creation of Survival tactics
Creation of areas

Timeline

Start creating smaller subclasses among us, should not take too much time judging how they are small.

Create game main engine together.

Inventory system for ensured survival.

A Health system should be perfected in order for the game to achieve maximum functionality, no health system, no survival, bye-bye Oregon Trail.

Things that effect Health should be easily laid down.

A time and weather system that could affect a player's choices and provides more functionality to the game.
